[doc] [mltop] Improve documentation of Declare ML Module for 8.16 (#16115)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/vernacular-commands.rst

.. cmd:: Declare ML Module {+ @string }

>    This commands will load an OCaml "plugin" and its dependencies
>    dynamically. The string argument must be a valid `findlib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Load an OCaml "plugin" and its dependencies
   dynamically. :n:`@string` must be a valid `findlib
```

We omit the boilerplate phrase "This command" at the beginning of command descriptions.

   <http://projects.camlcity.org/projects/findlib.html>` library name,
   for example ``coq-core.plugins.ltac``. The first component of the
   plugin name is a package that has to be in scope of ``findlib``'s

>    search path.

Reviewer: Should mention the dune hack here (the part before the colon).

"a valid findlib library name" - "valid" only in syntax or does it have to show up when you run findlib?  If it's the latter,
probably should give the findlib command users should run.  I've never used the command and I don't seem to have it installed, so users likely would benefit from slightly more explanation.  If it's merely syntactic, just state the required syntax.

Author: Valid in the sense that indeed, it both syntactically correct, and Coq can find it when the file is compiled.

   One can see the paths explored by ``findlib`` by running
   ``ocamlfind printconf`` and get the list of available packages
   by running ``ocamlfind list | grep coq`` (Coq packages are typically named
   ``coq-something``).

   This command is reserved for plugin developers, who should provide

>    a ``.v`` file containing the command. Users of the plugins will

Reviewer: I think sb either "of the plugin" or "of plugins"

   usually require the resulting ``.vo`` file which will then
   transitively load the required plugin.

   Note that the plugin loading system for Coq changed in 8.16 to use
   findlib. Previous Coq versions loaded OCaml dynamic objects by
   first locating the object file from ``-I`` directives, then
   directly invoking ``Dynlink.loadfile``. For compatibility purposes,
   8.16 still supports this legacy method, with the syntax being
   ``Declare ML Module "foo_plugin:pkg.plugin.foo".``, where

>    ``foo_plugin`` is the name of the OCaml object file.

Reviewer: For clarity, mention this where you first explain the string appearing in the command (line 623) rather then 20 lines later.  Or move it.

>    This is useful if you are still using a 3rd party build system such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is useful if you are still using a third party build system such
```

   as Dune or your own.

   This command supports the :attr:`local` attribute.  If present,
   the listed files are not exported, even if they're outside a section.

   .. exn:: File not found on loadpath: @string.
      :undocumented:

.. cmd:: Print ML Modules

>    This prints the name of all findlib libraries loaded directly with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Prints the name of all findlib libraries loaded directly with
```

> .. cmd:: Declare ML Module {+ @string }

Author: Good point, I guess that maybe yes to be consistent with `Require` ?

   Load an OCaml "plugin" and its dependencies
   dynamically. :n:`@string` argument must be a valid `findlib

>    <http://projects.camlcity.org/projects/findlib.html>` library name,

Reviewer 2: This link is broken (it was already the case before this PR). This should fix it:
```suggestion
   <http://projects.camlcity.org/projects/findlib.html>`_ library name,
```

(assuming the link syntax works when it is split over two lines)

Author: Done thanks.
